ARMOR ASSAULT:
  Issue an order to 4 tanks. Tanks in close assault roll an additional die.
  If you have no tanks, issue order to any 1 unit

COUNTER ATTACK:
  Issue the same order just played by your opponent (make sure to swap sides
  on the array)

DIRECT FROM HQ:
  Issue an order to 4 units of your choice 

INFANTRY ASSAULT:
  Issue an order to all infantry units in 1 section. Infantry now have +1
  to movement (2 and battle or 3 and no battle). If you have no infantry,
  issue order to any 1 unit

MOVE OUT:
  Issue an order to 4 infantry units. If you have no infantry, issue order
  to any 1 unit

AIR POWER:
  Target a group of 4 or fewer enemy units adjacent to each other. Roll 2
  battle dice per hex (Allied air attack) or 1 per hex (Axis air attack),
  ignoring any terrain battle die reduction. Score 1 hit for each die that
  matches the unit's symbol, a grenade or a star. For each flag, retreat
  1 hex. Flags may not be ignored

AMBUSH:
  After opponent declares a Close Assault, but before he rolls his dice,
  play this card. Roll your battle dice first. If opponent's unit wasn't
  eliminated or forced to retreat, it may then attack normally. At the
  end of the turn, draw your command card first

ARTILLERY BOMBARD:
  Issue an order to all artillery units. Units may move up to 3 hexes OR
  battle twice. If you do not have any, order any 1 unit

BARRAGE:
  Target any 1 enemy unit. Roll 4 battle dice, ignoring any terrain battle
  die reduction. Score 1 hit for each die matching the unit's symbol or
  grenade. For each flag, retreat 1 hex. Flags may not be ignored

BEHIND ENEMY LINES:
  Issue an order to 1 infantry unit. Unit may move up to 3 hexes. Unit may
  battle with 1 additional die, then move again up to 3 hexes. Terrain
  movement restrictions are ignored, but not battle restrictions. If you
  have no infantry, issue an order to 1 unit of your choice

CLOSE ASSAULT:
  Issue an order to all infantry and/or tanks adjacent to enemy units. These
  units battle with 1 additional die. Units may not move before they battle,
  but may take ground/overrun when successful

DIG-IN:
  Issue an order to 4 infantry units. The units improve their position by
  placing an available sandbag on the units' hexes. If you have none, issue
  an order to any 1 unit

FIREFIGHT:
  Issue an order to 4 units to open fire. Units in a firefight may not be
  adjacent to an enemy unit, and may not move. Firefighting units roll 1
  additional die

MEDICS & MECHANICS:
  Issue an order to 1 unit that has suffered casualties. Roll 1 battle die
  for each command card you have, including this card. For each die matching
  the unit's symbol or a star, 1 lost figure of that unit is returned to
  duty. A unit may not gain more figures than it originally had. If the
  unit recovers at least 1 figure, it may also be issued an order

THEIR FINEST HOUR:
  Roll 1 battle die for each command card you have, including this card. For
  each unit symbol rolled, 1 unit of this type is ordered. For each star
  rolled, 1 unit of your choice is ordered. Ordered units battle with 1
  additional die. Reshuffle the deck and discard pile